Blu Robinson is a well-known [Clinical Mental Health Counselor (CMHC) and a Substance Use Disorder Counselor (SUDC)](https://blu-robinson4333.clientsecure.me/) and the founder of Addict to Athlete. Blu grew up in a dysfunctional home and struggled with substance abuse and other issues due to the trauma he suffered as a child. He has been clean and sober since 1996. Blu has turned his mess into a message and now helps others do the same.

Blu specializes in addiction treatment and is passionate about helping others. He has worked in the field of counseling and recovery since 2001, working with youth, adults, and families. Blu is widely known in the recovery community as a pioneer in the addiction recovery field, an inspirational speaker, and an innovator. Blu possesses the ability to motivate people to reach great heights of performance and success in life and recovery. With passion, purpose, a listening ear, and meaning he teaches others to erase negative behaviors and replace that void left behind with the talents of an inspirational athlete. He has raced multiple marathons, ultra-cycling events, triathlons, and ultra-marathons. Throughout each of these experiences, he has learned, that the human spirit is much stronger than we think.

Blu's role in team Addict II Athlete is the head coach. As a licensed clinician he is able to assist athletes on a larger scale from individual to group support with a clinical component. He is a mentor, teacher, counselor, and instructor to the athletes and their families, assisting them in moving to recovery and a healthy lifestyle by providing an action-oriented recovery-based program.

Blu stated, “In 2011, I thought of a way to kick start my career as I undertook a new job as a therapist working with people struggling with addiction and searching for a purpose in their lives. Having a history of addiction and being clean since 1996, I thought back on how I had done it. It was through support, mountain biking, and running, I recalled the relationships built and spirituality found on the trails of the Wasatch Mountains that resulted in erasing addiction and replacing it with a more excellent way of life. I knew that if a non-runner like myself could become such, so could they.”

“I started a free community group called Addict to Athlete, and it quickly gained momentum. As Head Coach of this remarkable team, I began to witness the inner strength these Athletes developed as we put in miles on the trails together. After one challenging race, I asked one of our Athletes how hard the climb to Windy Pass was toward the end of the Squaw Peak 50 Ultra. He replied, ‘It was hard, I wanted to quit, but then I thought about when I was sitting in the Utah State Prison for multiple DUIs and how trapped I felt, and now, here I was on top of the world, free from prison and addiction. Yea, it was hard, but not impossible.’” 

Addict II Athlete’s vision is to assist athletes in recovery from all addictions and get on the path of healing and achieving goals as well as assisting the family. From our first 5k to ultra-marathons and more, these former addicts leave that life behind and become so much more.

Schedule an in-person or virtual session with Coach Blu [HERE](https://blu-robinson4333.clientsecure.me/request/service).