Dee Lohse and her husband Ron farm in north central Montana. Dee has four children who are grown and have families of their own now. Two from her first marriage and two from her marriage with Ron. After helping Ron on the farm for several years, Dee transitioned to working with the Federal Crop Insurance program to help bring off-farm income in. She continues to work in that industry in a semi-retired status.

Generational addiction has been a major influencing factor in Dee’s family. She refers to herself as the Grandchild of addiction. Both her parents decided to remove substances in their own family. Despite this great decision, much emotional trauma was left to address generationally. She feels very fortunate to have experienced what she did, and not turn to substances as a way to cope. Dee has felt for a very long time that it was not just the substance that had to be removed, but that new patterns of learning and living are necessary in order to bring healing. Unfortunately, she did not understand this before marrying an addict at a very young age as an escape. After seven years of marriage, she knew that she must make a major course correction to heal herself and give her two children a chance at a better life.

Dee was introduced to AIIA by her oldest son, who struggled with emotional health, which led to addiction in his young teen years. When he connected her to the program, he was very enthusiastic about the program and was able to maintain sobriety for several years. She lost her son to suicide in 2021, and since then she has been looking for the best way to honor him and his life. In a letter sent to Dee while her son was in jail, he encouraged her to never be shy to share his story with others.

Dee feels real compassion for the family members who have a loved one that struggles with addiction. She also feels a real passion for understanding why we do what we do and how to change those things that are not in our best interest. She feels strongly that knowledge is power, and once we understand something, it grants us real power to change.

Dee, throughout her adulthood, has attended Adult Children of Alcoholics, Al-Anon programs, and has devoured every book and piece of information she could find to help her understand what happened to her in her family of origin and how it perpetuated being drawn to an addict in her first marriage. Her deepest desire is to make enough change in her life so that her children would have a step up in life. She finds the AIIA program refreshing and informative in a way that is very exciting. The information combined with physical health feels like the perfect combination.

Dee’s goal in becoming a coach is to share what she has learned in her journey. To offer support in the struggle for understanding and change that must happen within families who are affected by addiction.