Marissa Robinson has been a Certified Therapeutic Recreation Specialist (CTRS) since 1998. She has worked with individuals with disabilities, at-risk youth as well as adults and families in the mental health populations. She has focused her work into individuals and families struggling with substance use disorders and co-occurring disorders since 2011. Marissa currently serves on the Utah Opioid Task Force, Utah County Drug Prevention Coalition, Utah County Opioid Community Partners, and the Spanish Fork Active & Healthy Coalition. She has served as executive director of a SUD residential treatment center, outpatient program, and sober living as well as an addiction recovery consultant to other organizations. As the co-founder of Addict II Athlete she loves working along side her husband helping individuals and families realize they can heal from the painful grasp of addiction and mental health issues. 

Marissa was a competitive swimmer growing up and was involved in various types of recreation such as soccer, hiking, water skiing and rappelling. She loves being outdoors and trying new things. She loves utilize her recreation degree with her 4 children and husband. She believes that through recreation we are able to find wellness and healing in all aspects of life.

Marissa serves as Addict II Athlete’s athletic director and CEO. Marissa specializes in therapeutic recreation by assisting the athletes in developing appropriate leisure skills and recreating healthily as they transition to athletics and life. She oversees all aspects of the AIIA program, including coaching, scheduling, budgets, promotion, social media, management, and program management.