Tara Butson is a wife and mom of 2 boys. She is a business owner and athlete. She has been working as a professional guide or instructor in the outdoor industry since 1999. She has worked primarily as a mountain guide as well as for different wilderness therapy programs. Tara’s expertise spans from climbing, skiing, hiking and teaching survival skills. Together with her husband she runs and operates a [small adventure company based out of Telluride, Colorado](https://tellurideadventures.com/). 

Tara has been sober from drugs and alcohol since 2007. After going through acute pancreatitis and then later being diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis she decided she needed to make some changes. She began working with a drug and alcohol counselor while attending 12 step meetings. She met likeminded individuals and developed a community of support that she still relies on. Tara found exercising (running, cycling, climbing or skiing) helped her fight off anxiety and depression. Sharing those experiences with others that struggle with sobriety is one of her main goals as an AIIA recovery coach. 

After getting sober, Tara broke her knee twice and had to find a way out of not using while having 4 orthopedic surgeries. Long distance running became a tool she used to build her leg back up as well as rebuild her mind. Self esteem, emotional strength and ability to endure physical challenges are all things she has gained by participating in endurance events. Tara hopes to help others gain these same tools. She recently has gone back to school to get her masters degree in counseling.